replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/release-notes/august-2022.md

## Documentation updates

- Consistent and exhaustive documentation about continuous integration (CI) both with and without Semgrep App:

>   - [Running Semgrep in continuous integration (CI) with Semgrep App](/semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-appsec-platform)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [Running Semgrep in continuous integration (CI) with Semgrep App](/deployment/core-deployment)
```
